
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT THIS SERIOUSLY 

- It all start out accidentally. 5th grade, my teacher heard about a competition will be held soon. He told me to compete in the website building competition - although we both acknowledge that i have no idea of what coding is. I agreed. And then i practice web building with my teacher in the school office, back then, I only know templates for google blog (as it's it the only thing he teaches me) to use it to make my website. Pure HTML, copy & paste. Weeks, I've dwelled, turns out the website building competition wasn't targeted towards elementary school students (lol, i wonder why) and he says sorry (bcs i didn't get to actually complete although i actually so pumped to get into). And I said, okay — never touched coding ever again...

- 2020, Covid-19. I was at my lowest point academically, I was always an excel student in elementary school, middle school however, twas the spirit of learning stray away I don't know where. Playing games all day, ignoring classes. But I saw an ad, WIX - a platform for developing a website instantly, with no code involvement. I was thrilled, i want to try it => well I tried it, never finished anything. AND AT THAT TIME THAT I REALIZE, ALMOST EVERYTHING THAT IS INSTANT SUCKSS! I didn't get to unleash my creativity. It was held behind a systematic corporate level safe environment where what you can do is locked up behind a paywall. FUCK YOU WEBSITE BUILDER, IM BUILDING IT MYSELF.

- Times, after leaving WIX. Learnt HTML, CSS, and a little bit of JavaScript. After realizing that if i want to expand my Portofolio Website made with scratch HTML CSS and JS, I cannot just use babel for everything. I need something more powerful. Here comes ReactJS. Curiosity, turned into fascination, turned into an obsession. I've read and watch React tutorial everywhere. Built my very first webapp, AzCHA. A chat application with one global room, sucks but who fucking cares, it's a progress. Heard about JS Framework. Framework? Curiosity, turned into dominion. I have now been using NextJS, Remix, and master it. 

- How I see the world - is different now. By knowing how to make one, you will appreciate and develop a way to understand how one is created. Math, goes along with this, thats why I love Math. I guarantee the way that I see the world differ from the average students. Say what you want, but I love knowledge, and I know I'm above the average others my age, I am and you know it. My natural intelegent is my friend. I watch college students in CS lectures and said "wtf are they doing, even I already study it three months ago". You think I'm narcissistic? WELL I AM. But that doesn't make me ignorant towards the fact that there are many other people who are well above me in terms of intelegent or expertise in CS (especially webdev), it just that they don't live and function near me. If you think I love it now because It can make myself feel superior, YOU'RE WRONG! I actually love to interact and have a discussion, or a debate with someone (or something) that is the same level, well educated, even way above me. atleast we'll have a meaningful stuff to discuss with 

— CS? —
Along the way I too, learn other languages like Python, C, C++, Bash and few others. Made a little game in python in resemblance of DND (dungeons and dragons), though its far from the original concept. But I have never feel really appreciated for my talents. I've built dozens of WebApps, a few fun python projects. But everyone that knows I can code just "okay, cool." Sometimes, all I want is a friend or a partner to code with. It is hard to find someone that wants to be one... I've come long since I started out, I love the experience and satisfaction of this field. In just three years babe, THEEE YEARS (could be less because i do take a long hiatus sometimes) and DOZENS OF APPS? I MADE IT ALL, ALL BY MYSELF. I DESIGNED IT, I CODE IT, I MANAGE IT, I CARE ABOUT IT. I CARE ABOUT MY ABILITY AND WORRY IT WOULD NOT BEEN USED FOR GOODS OF WHAT I VALUE. 

Yet I never get the acknowledgement from teachers and school. WHY?? Im YOUR FRIXKIN STUDENT MAN. MAYBE BECAUSE I DIDN'T ACTUALLY MAKE SOMETHING THEY'D USE? Fine. I WILL ACTUALLY DO IT THIS TIME. truthfully, I always wanted to make something for something related to me. And School? will be my canvas. I promised my colleagues that I will make something with my ability to code. At that time, I gave them my word that I will be making an app for students in my school (for teachers too, mayb). Well lads, lo and behold... 